Hello everyone, now I show you the supermarket goods check demo 2.0 version based on the C865 development kit. This version adds some application scenarios on the basis of 1.0, such as detecting the current goods inventory, and popping up a prompt message after the goods is sold.Statistics on the number of times a product is sold per day, the number of times a goods is selected by customers per day, the difference between selling and picking is that if the customer takes the product and put it back within 5 seconds, it is considered to be a selected goods, if it exceeds 5 seconds, it is considered to be the goods It has been sold. Of course, 5 seconds is for the convenience of this demonstration. The actual scene can be customized for the duration. Let's introduce my demonstration scene. First, the IP Camera and C865 are connected under the same LAN, and the IP Camera is facing the simulated supermarket shelf. C865 is connected to the display through HDMI, and C865 obtains the video stream from IP Camera through the rtsp protocol to identify the products on the shelf.
Now start the demonstration, open the app, click on the settings to add the rtsp video stream, now we can see that the apple on the shelf is recognized, the stock of the apple is displayed in the upper left corner, and now the scene where the product is selected is simulated. If the product is taken away, 5 It was put back within seconds, and it was considered to have been selected once. Now you can see that an apple has been taken away. Now put the apple back, it shows that the apple has been put back, we will repeat it several times now. Let’s simulate the product being In the selling scene, if the product is not put back after 5 seconds after being taken away, it means that the product has been sold. Now we take an apple and show that the apple is not taken away. After 5 seconds, it shows that it has been sold. , Continue to repeat the operation, when the apple is sold out, a prompt will be displayed, the apple is sold out, please add it in time.

Let's demonstrate the scenario of simulating another mouse being sold. Now we can see that the mouse on the shelf is recognized, and the stock of Apple is also displayed in the upper left corner. Now the simulated product is selected. If the product is taken away within 5 seconds It was put back to its original place, and it was considered to have been selected once. Now you can see that a mouse has been taken away. Now put it back, the display mouse has been put back. We will repeat it several times now. Let’s simulate the mouse being sold. In the scenario, if the mouse is taken away for 5 seconds, but it is still not put back, it means that the product has been sold. Now we take a mouse and show that the mouse has been taken away. After 5 seconds, it shows that it was sold, and continue to repeat Operation, when the mouse is sold out, a prompt is displayed, the mouse is sold out, please add it in time.

Let's take a look at a statistical report of the product, click on the settings, "Goods Statistics", you can see the number of times apple and the mouse are sold and the number of times selected by customers, blue represents the number of sales, and red represents the number of times customers choose. Okay, that's all for the demo.
